Make things a bit easier ot understand/absorb (#1)
QuiltServerTools/ServerSideDevDocs: docs/mixin-injects.md

`@Inject(at = @At("HEAD"), method = "onBreak")`

> `@Inject` is a mixin annotation. It tells the mixin compiler to "inject" the logic of our method into the part of the `onBreak` method we specified with the `at` argument. `@At("HEAD")` refers to the top of the method target; the first bit of code to be run when that method is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@Inject` is a Mixin annotation. It tells the Mixin runtime to "inject" the logic of our method into the `onBreak` method we specified with the `method` argument. The `at = @At("HEAD")` part means that our code will be injected at the top of the method; making it the first thing to run run when that method is called.
```

We then have a method with the same arguments as our target method, plus a `CallbackInfo` object.

#### Registering Mixins

> When you add a mixin, you must put the mixin class in `<your_package>.mixin`. Then, you should add an entry to the `server` array in your `<your_modid>.mixins.json` file with the name of your mixin class.

Reviewer: This line should probably also be adjusted to say that the `server` array is specifically for mixins that ONLY load on the dedicated server, and most things should just be placed in `mixins`

> When you add a mixin, you must put the mixin class in `<your_package>.mixin`. Then, you should add an entry to the `server` array in your `<your_modid>.mixins.json` file with the name of your mixin class. Any mixins listed in the `server` array will only be loaded on a dedicated server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a mixin, you must put the mixin class in `<your_package>.mixin`. Then, you should add an entry to the `server` array in your `<your_modid>.mixins.json` file with the name of your mixin class. Any mixins listed in the `server` array will only be loaded on a dedicated server.
```
